docs(api): add notes about authorization differences (#7613)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/apis-tools/migration-manuals/migrate-to-camunda-api.md

- The new API can be found at `<cluster>/v2/…>` instead of `<cluster>/v1/…>`.
- All endpoints are no longer separated by component concerns and all endpoints receive similar support. For example, process definitions, user tasks, and user authorizations were previously spread across separate Tasklist, Operate, and Identity APIs.

> - All endpoints allow for fully leveraging the new [authorization-based access control concept](../../components/concepts/access-control/authorizations.md) wherease the component endpoints only support the configuration of full (wildcard) or no access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All endpoints support the [authorization-based access control model](../../components/concepts/access-control/authorizations.md). Component endpoints only support the configuration of full (wildcard) access or no access.
```

Author: It refers to all new endpoints. I thought this was clear from the context (and because the bullet point above uses the same formulation while only referring to the V2 API novelties) but maybe we should make it more explicit?
